Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
♪
(Gong)
What is this place?!
This is New Domino City's
numero uno
underground duel arena,
where the Commons can let loose
and enjoy a little competition
away from the pryin' eyes
of the Tops' cops.
No way we'll find
our friends here!
Oh!
That's... Shay!
I'm here for
the same reason you're here...
to find powerful duelists.
Shay, we both know we need
Yuya to take down Fusion,
so let's stop
this Turbo Duelin' nonsense
and go find him!
There's more to this duel
than you realize, Gong.
It's a feeder to get
into the Friendship Cup.
What's this Friendship Cup?
(Lucas Swank)
It's New Domino City's
biggest duel tournament.
Winner gets to battle
Mr. Jack Atlas...
the Master of Faster himself.
Jack Atlas is
the world's greatest, strongest,
most powerful duel champion!
Make some noise for the lean,
mean duelin' machine...
Dashin' Dennis McField!
And now, give it up
for the undefeated
underground champion,
Sweet Baby Shay!
Let's duel!
We should give these people
what they came for!
I Pendulum Summon!
(Roget)
A Pendulum Summon?
At an underground duel field
beneath New Domino City.
Send our agents there now.
We have found our fugitives.
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
This duel is turning
into pure disco gold!
The only thing I can think of
that's even more exciting...
is my super sweet outfit!
Am I right or am I right?
Seriously,
gettin' one peek at me
is worth the price
of admission alone!
But peel your peepers
away from my threads
and you'll see this duel
is still anyone's match!
Question is‐‐
who wants it more?!
Or better yet...
Who wants more looks at me
and these duds I'm dangling?
Come on, y'all,
lemme hear you...!
(booing)
Now, now, don't hate‐‐
appreciate!
But, fine,
your emcee can take a hint.
What do you say we see
what these two duelists
have in store for us next?!
(excited cheering)
♪
All right, then!
I think it's time
to take this duel...
to the next level‐‐
and I mean literally!
I activate Wing Sandwichman's
special abilities!
They squish the tasty juices
out of the monster between them,
raising its Level to Level 5!
Now that my three monsters
all have the same Level,
I can overlay them!
And that allows me...
to Xyz Summon!
Now taking the stage is Rank 5
Performage Shadow Maker!
Check that out!
Those shears looks so sweet...
I might even let 'em
cut my manly mane!
(cheering)
(laughs)
This crowd is behind me
all the way!
So much for Shay, am I right?
If Dennis attacks with his
new monster, Shay is done for!
Ohh! Not Shay...
He's so cute...
But then Dennis
is pretty sweet, too!
Dueling doesn't get
better than this!
This next move's gonna
decide everything.
So you know
what that means?
No bathroom break
for me.
You can cut the tension in
this duel arena with a
knife!
Or better yet,
with a pair of scissors!
Is Dennis gonna cut Shay's
life points down to
confetti?
Or does Shay have
one more way
to sashay his way
out of danger?
Well, Shay...
Been nice duelin' ya...
But it's time to leave you
in the dust!
Don't be so sure.
Oh, please‐‐ don't even try!
(worried grumble)
Here goes...
This battle decides everything!
Whee!
Shadow Maker, end this now!
You think
you cut up my life points,
but you couldn't be more wrong.
'Cause even though
you destroyed my monster,
Raptor's Ultimate Mace stops me
from taking any damage.
And there's more...
I can then add one
Rank‐Up‐Magic to my hand!
And the one I pick...
Is none other than Rank‐Up‐Magic
Revolution Force!
Nice move there, Shay...
But it's not going to make
a bit of difference.
You can only use that spell card
during your turn
and I'm gonna make sure
that turn never happens!
I don't think so‐‐ I activate
the trap Lightning Quick!
It lets me activate
the spell card I just got.
Huh?!
Rank‐Up‐Magic Revolution Force!
I get to take control
of your Shadow Maker.
(startled gasp)
Then I can use
Shadow Maker
to Xyz Summon a monster
that's one Rank higher!
Fiercest falcon,
set your wings ablaze
and lock your gaze
on our ill‐fated foe!
Now, make it so!
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Emerge,
Raidraptor ‐ Revolution Falcon!
What a switch!
Now Shay's
got a mega‐monster...
and Dennis has got zip.
Far out! Far out!
That was great!
But not nearly as great
as my righteous ring collection,
am I right? Yeah!
(gasps)
What in the world?!
How did you get
Shadow Maker back?
(devious laughter)
Yeah!
Shay used it to Xyz Summon
Revolution Falcon.
Gong's very confused.
Perhaps a little bit
of explanation is in order.
Right when you took control
of Shadow Maker,
I used one
of its Overlay Units
to summon a new Shadow Maker
from my Extra Deck.
(devious laughter)
All squads...
Give me a status update.
Squad Ais in position.
Squad B is ready
as well, sir.
Squad C here‐‐ we have
the area cordoned off.
And what of our special guests?
They'll all besafely
off the premises
within three minutes.
Fine. Then it's three minutes
until these Commons
have their
last taste of freedom.
(devious laughter)
Shay! You're gonna need
a miracle to survive!
(gasping)
Aah!
Aah! Aah!
(alarm whooping)
This is Sector Security.
You're all being detained
for taking part
in underground Turbo Duels.
Do not resist or you will be
severely punished.
Remain where you are
and prepare to be processed,
lawbreakers!
(whimpers)
Hey! Wait!
Freeze!
Aah...
Nuts!
Good news, sir,
we have all the hooligans
involved in the underground
Turbo Duels in custody,
including the two riders
and their friend
that you had your eye on.
Good to hear.
But don't rest on your
laurels yet, Commander,
there's more work to be done.
After all,
as you well know,
these three duelists
aren't the only ones
on my most wanted list...
and I want them all
apprehended.
Do it now.
Right away, sir.
(chuckles)
The pieces
are coming into place.
I Synchro Summon!
No way! To Synchro Summon
you need a Tuner monster!
Aw, man... I was hoping
you wouldn't notice!
So you were cheating?!
No, just trying to cheat.
I miss... Declan.
Fine! I won't ever
do it again...
this match.
Hey, you guys.
Has anyone seen
Celina or Sylvio?
The scary girl
and that snobby guy? No.
Me neither.
They're not inside?
No. They must've headed out
to search for our friends.
I know how they're feeling,
but it's just not safe
right now.
Can't have security
nabbing any of us.
There's just
far too much at stake.
(worried)
Oh... oh... oh!
Unh!
Uh, Riley? You okay?
I'm going to find Declan.
Hold up!
Riley, didn't you
just hear me?
We can't be
wandering around.
I don't care.
Look, I know
how important it is
that you find Declan...
but that's
why you should wait.
Until we have a better
chance of finding him.
Now, don't worry.
It'll be soon, Riley,
you have my word.
♪
Okay, Lunalight Cat Dancer!
Dance your way...
to victory!
Aah...!
(Sylvio, clapping slowly)
Bravo...
I can't believe
it took you
three moves to beat him.
How much time
are you going to waste
dueling these losers?
I thought you were out here
to find Zuzu.
I do want to find her,
but our mission
is also to find duelists
that are skilled enough
to take on
the Fusion Dimension.
Now... who's the very best
duelist that you know of?
Uh, well, that guy.
Jack Atlas?
Must be some kinda
duel celebrity
around these parts.
(Celina)
Perfect.
Then he's up next.
I got something.
Yeah, the girl.
The one who escaped from
our dragnet the other day.
The whiny one
is with her as well.
Excellent‐‐ but don't
arrest them just yet.
I want you to follow them
and see where they lead you.
And even more importantly,
whom they might lead you to.
(Crow)
You're kidding me.
Celina and Sylvio
took off again?
Yeah.
Man, I thought I made it
clear to them to stay put!
I know...
Guess they've made it clear
they don't care.
(footsteps)
Huh?
I'm back, Crow,
and I got
some good stuff, too... huh?
Security's still got you
trapped, huh?
Yeah, they don't let up.
It'll blow over.
Uh? Thanks again
for helping us
get away from those
security goons before.
Yeah, well, if they're
still after you,
we can't be bringing the heat
down on the kids..
I understand.
(door opens)
Shinji, you're home!
Shinji!
(Shinji)
Here‐‐ check out
what I brought you kids!
Oh!
It all looks so yummy!
It's too good to be true!
I must be dreaming!
I wish there was more
but these were all the snacks
I could carry back.
Mm‐hmm...
What? If I hadn't eaten
the four choco‐choco bars
then the bag would have ripped.
Enough with the guilt...
dig in!
Oh, hey, why don't you come over
and join us too, sport?
There's plenty to go around.
Especially when it comes
to donuts.
Get it?
'Cause they're round?
Anyway‐‐ I'm off.
Thanks again, Shinji.
No problem‐‐
just promise me
you'll be careful.
I haven't seen Sector
Security this riled up
since you let all the air
out of their runners.
(Crow)
C'mon, it's me!
I'm always careful!
(kids)
Bye!
Ah... mmm...
Oh...
mmm...
Riley? Dig in.
Who? Me? Well, uh...
Better hurry up before
these jackals eat it all!
Look, it's cool.
You don't
have to be afraid.
You're safe here.
Loosen up.
It's Shinji's donut joke,
isn't it?
You're still recovering.
No more jokes, I promise.
But if he does try
to tell you
a knock‐knock joke,
just do what I do and yell
"No one's home!"
Now, come on
out of there
and chow down
with the others.
That's an order,
mister!
There's still plenty left!
But I'd hurry if I were you‐‐
those kids think
that since they got two hands
they gotta eat twice as fast.
Just watch your fingers.
Now, go wash up
so you can chow down.
Jackals!
Go and wash your paws, too!
But... I like germs!
I like germs, too!
Uh‐huh, nice try.
Can you be more like Riley
and just follow orders
without the back and forth?
(all)
Fine.
Nice technique
there, Riley!
Impressive lather!
Tell me, Yuya, why is it
that Riley's so quiet?
I wish I knew
the answer, Crow.
So then it's a mystery.
Poor kid.
Seems like Riley's wrestling
with some serious stuff.
Has Riley always been
so shy and distant?
Hmm...
Sure seems like it.
I would do anything
to get Riley to smile.
That's what kids
should be doing.
In fact, that's one of
the reasons I love dueling.
To entertain people
so that they can be happy.
Yeah... I know
just what you mean.
When these kids watch me duel...
they get super happy.
Super happy?
What's that supposed to mean?
I'm just saying
I put on a good show.
No offense, Crow,
but when I comes
to putting on a good show...
there's no one better than me.
Well, offense taken, Yuya!
I'm more entertaining!
No way‐‐ I am!
I'll tell you
what's entertaining, Yuya:
how clueless you are!
Oh, really?!
Well, you want me to tell you
what's entertaining about you?
Nothing! I'd rather watch
paint dry than watch you duel!
Fine, then‐‐ let's let
the kids settle this!
Now, be honest.
Me or Yuya‐‐ who would you
rather watch in a duel?
Huh?
Well? Break Yuya
the news. It's me!
Riley?!
Huh?
Ha! It's me,
isn't it, Riley?
Oh, yeah!
Don't try
and lead the witness!
Tell him, Riley, it's me!
It's me!
There's only one way
to settle this, Yuya.
Let's duel!
Then the kids'll watch
and decide who puts on
the best show!
You're on!
If only so we can
stop arguing,
because‐‐ phew‐‐
I'm exhausted!
Plenty of posters
but no sign
of the man himself.
I know, and we've looked
pretty much everywhere.
Hmm?
Guess we're not the only ones
looking for something.
No doubt.
Think it's time...
we head on back now.
Think you got what it takes
to make this crowd go ga‐ga?
Well, prove it, Yuya!
Oh, I will, by putting on
the most dueltaining duel
anyone has ever seen!
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah!
Anyone else feel like
we're the adults here
And they're the kids?
Yeah, that
pretty much
sums it up.
Let's duel!
Generating
Action Field...
Crossover.
♪
Action Cards dispersed.
Allow me to go first.
Ladies and gentlemen!
Uh, is he talking to us?
You're about to witness...
theatrics,
the likes of which
you have not ever seen before.
Prepare for my
Pendulum Monsters!
Pendulum Monsters?!
Sounds cool!
This is a show!
That's right and it begins
right here and now!
Let's see what you got, Yuya.
I got star power!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
(Frankie)
Awesome!
(Terron)
So cool!
Swing far, Pendulum.
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Scratch your way to victory,
Performapal Silver Claw!
Earn your stripes,
Performapal Salutiger!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roars)
Oh, wow!
He summoned three at once!
Bravo!
See those smiles
on their faces?
I believe that's what
you call entertained!
So I do believe
I've proven my point!
(happy laughter)
Way to go, Yuya!
That was so cool!
Don't take your bows just yet‐‐
I still have
my move to make!
And I can't wait to see
how it stacks up...
so I end my turn‐‐
it's your go!
Why are they dueling?
Maybe they want to see
who the second‐best
duelist
in this dimension
is‐‐ behind me.
Okay‐‐ time to show you
how the Crow flies!
Here we go!
Since I don't have
any cards out,
I'm allowed to summon
Blackwing ‐ Gust The Backblast
to ruffle your feathers!
(big shriek)
Yuya, birds of a feather
like to flock together...
so since I already have
a Blackwing,
I can also summon...
Blackwing ‐ Oroshi The Squall!
(shrieking)
Just like that, Crow
has two monsters, ready to go!
Next, I tribute
Oroshi The Squall...
So I can summon Assault
Blackwing ‐ Kunai The Drizzle!
(scary shriek)
You see, Yuya?
You're not the only one
who can summon multiple monsters
on their first turn.
You're right
about that, Crow.
You're making this
interesting.
Ha‐‐ and it's only
gonna get more so!
'Cause now I'm gonna
Synchro Summon!
Huh? But how?
You don't have a single
Tuner Monster
out on your field.
Not yet I don't, Yuya...
but that's about to change
here and now!
Since I tributed a Blackwing
to summon Kunai,
Kunai transforms
into a Tuner Monster!
Level 5 Kunai The Drizzle
tunes...
Level 2 Gust The Backblast!
And by way of their cosmic bond
I can now forge
an even mightier beast.
I Synchro Summon!
Spread your wings,
Assault Blackwing‐‐
Raikiri The Rain Shower!
Synchro Summoning's
the best!
I don't know‐‐
Pendulum's pretty
cool too!
Oh, yeah?
So then you're
gonna side
with Yuya?
C'mon, Crow's monster
is so cool!
You do have a point...
Hey, Riley,
whose side are
you on so far?
Gotta be Yuya's‐‐
am I right?
Of course you're right‐‐
go on and tell 'em, Riley!
Uh...
Uh... or not.
(laughs)
I knew that Riley
was a bright kid!
You're siding with me,
aren't ya, smart stuff?
Uh...
Mm...
Or not.
(Shinji)
Crow!
Huh?
Sector Security
is heading this way!
Run for it!
How'd they find us?
They must've followed us here.
Get down! Unh!
Huh? Ooh!
(siren whooping)
Blast it!
(angry growl)
Huh... huh! Unh!
Unh...
Let me go!
Hunh!
Huh? Riley?!
(all)
Ohh... aah...
Where's Riley?
Riley?!
Leave the kids alone,
ya big bullies!
Riley!
♪
♪ You vs. me ♪
♪ Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪